Uncle Liu, right?
I understand the principles of fast road
Uncle Liu, I will never let him go
Not an apology
But Grandpa Liu, you are dead
home
He actually killed Master Liu
That is a character who has been in charge of Jiangcheng for 20 years
Sister is awesome to beat bad people
Obviously, the brother is powerful, and the brother is also powerful
I thought Mr. Lu was just a grandmaster
But a drop of water can kill a grandmaster
Mr. Lu
Liu Zhen's body
Let me see what else is in your hurry.
Although I have never met the owner
The grace of transformation Liu keeps in mind
From now on, do good deeds
The total released from prison also sat down for the owner
Long Wan returns from black jade
This person pointed at the grandmaster again
He must be the owner
Humph
The surname Rong is the old age of the Jiangcheng family
You are for a bottom trash
Assassinate me to my face, Master Liu
You don't take my Jiangcheng family seriously
Still don't take Lord Liu seriously
I was wrong. The dead don't die.
What face does my Jiangcheng family have?
Jiangcheng's family is guilty
This person must die
I Jiangcheng is adding negative righteousness
I want to be negative
This person must die
You see?
Sir, even if you break into high society
You are also rubbish to be trampled on
Although the surnamed Long is a grandmaster
He has a cold and the big ministry is going to save you.
You must die today
Oh.
You are here
It's high society haha
Boy, give me a good look
You will never have the opportunity to contact the wealthy family again
I will lose you one by one.
I'll see who can save you.
Just because you dare to be arrogant
I will become a family to kill you
Who dares to stop